# DijkstraAlgorithm
That is an output of a task assingned for Algorithms and Data Structures Course. It contains an independently modified version of Dijkstra's Algorithm in order to fulfill the requirements of the task. The code is written in C#.

Here is the content of the task:
The XXXIII century has come. People travel with ultra-fast spaceships between enormous hypercities suspended in interstellar space. The cosmos is at war, and any travel in space is prohibited. Only specially selected communication corridors connecting the hypercities are allowed for communication. In these corridors, spaceships move at the speed of light, but the distances between hypercities are vast—usually measured in light-hours. Hence, journeys take some time. However, some hypercities are connected by special spacetime tunnels, making travel between them instantaneous (!). There are no more than 50 of such tunnels throughout space. Due to the ongoing cosmic war, espionage activities are widespread. A certain spy is located in the first hypercity with the task of stealing secret information hidden in the last of the hypercities. Therefore, the spy must move from hypercity number 1 to hypercity number n. Along the way, the spy can freely move through regular corridors. However, traveling through spacetime tunnels is dangerous due to their instability—the spy could simply vanish into a higher dimension. Nevertheless, it cannot be denied that the tunnels can aid in faster traversal of the route. Hence, the spy follows the principle of risk limitation and allows himself to use at most k different spacetime tunnels (each once) during the entire journey. The mission is critical, and the fate of the universe may depend on its success. The spy must complete it in the shortest time possible. Will you help him accomplish the task and find the shortest route in terms of time?

Input:
The first line of input contains the number of n hypercities, m corridors, and the maximum number of k spacetime tunnels that can be used (1 < n <= 10000, 1 <= m <= 100000, 1 <= k <= 3). The next m lines provide information about the corridors: 3 integers representing the connected city numbers and the length of the corridor (up to 100 light-hours).

Output:
The first line of output should contain the optimal route time, and the next line should sequentially list the numbers (city numbers) describing the route.
